fix(type): set missing key expect error (#214)
fastify/fastify-secure-session: README.md

## Add TypeScript types

> The session data is defined as interface `SessionData`. To extended `SessionData` with [declaration merging](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/declaration-merging.html) for improved type support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The session data is defined as an interface called `SessionData`. It can be extended with [declaration merging](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/declaration-merging.html) for improved type support.
```
